Let US C by Yashvant Kanetkar Page No.82 to 84 book [Editin 05]
Write CPP programs for the following

(a) 	If cost price and selling price of an item is input through the
	keyboard, write a program to determine whether the seller has
	made profit or incurred loss. Also determine how much profit
	he made or loss he incurred.

(b) 	Any integer is input through the keyboard. Write a program to
	find out whether it is an odd number or even number.

(c) 	Any year is input through the keyboard. Write a program to
	determine whether the year is a leap year or not.
	(Hint: Use the % (modulus) operator)

(d) 	According to the Gregorian calendar, it was Monday on the
	date 01/01/1900. If any year is input through the keyboard
	write a program to find out what is the day on 1st January of
	this year.

(e)	A five-digit number is entered through the keyboard. Write a
	program to obtain the reversed number and to determine
	whether the original and reversed numbers are equal or not.

(f) 	If the ages of Ram, Shyam and Ajay are input through the
	keyboard, write a program to determine the youngest of the
	three.

(g) 	Write a program to check whether a triangle is valid or not,
	when the three angles of the triangle are entered through the
	keyboard. A triangle is valid if the sum of all the three angles
	is equal to 180 degrees.

(h) 	Find the absolute value of a number entered through the
	keyboard.

(i) 	Given the length and breadth of a rectangle, write a program to
	find whether the area of the rectangle is greater than its
	perimeter. For example, the area of the rectangle with length = 5
	and breadth = 4 is greater than its perimeter.

(j)  	Given three points (x1, y1), (x2, y2) and (x3, y3), write a
	program to check if all the three points fall on one straight line.

(k) 	Given the coordinates (x, y) of a center of a circle and it’s radius,
	write a program which will determine whether a point lies inside
	the circle, on the circle or outside the circle.
	(Hint: Use sqrt( ) and pow( ) functions)

(l) 	Given a point (x, y), write a program to find out if it lies on the
	x-axis, y-axis or at the origin, viz. (0, 0).